Hey everyone, I'm Shae, I'm from Chicago originally. 

I just moved from Milwaukee to Kenosha to attend DEV Code Camp. 
I am a DCA certified Diamondtologist. 
I work at Kay Jewelers currently. 
I am only working weekends while Im at DEV Code Camp. 
My favorite part of my job is doing custom designs for engagement rings. 
You start with only a center stone and you end with a piece of someone's dreams that they'll wear the rest of their lives. 



I have a cat named Sushi.
I love to hike, and kayak. 
I have a friend who is a comedian so I go to a lot of comdey clubs.
I love watching hockey and football. 
I would like to move to Arizona eventually. 
I have never been out of the country (unless you count a cruise to the bahamas).

I am really excited about how much I am learning at DEV Code Camp and hope I'll be able to keep up wih everything. 
I love to eat Sushi. I have a cat named Bananas. I love to hike, and kayak. 
I have a friend who is a comedian so I go to a lot of comdey clubs.
I love watching hockey and football. I would like to move to Arizona eventually. I have never been out of the country
(unless you count a cruise to the bahamas) 

I am really excited about how much I am learning at devcodecamp and hope I'll be able to keep up wih everything. 

Yay coding!




threw mine in, hahahahahahahahah!!!!!


My name is Gao Calderon.
It had taken me a long while to figure what I wanted to eventually study, which was drafting and design.
I still didn't know what to do with it or which direction of drafting did I want to go.
I was married when I finally decided I want to go back to school. 
Eventually I had to drop out for personal reasons.
When I was ready to return I was told to find a different source of finance because the school couldn't fund me for being off so long.
I decided to try Media Arts and Animation, which kept me close to the 3D world of minipulating space, material and still create things.
The field was more physically abstract than I was ready for. 
There was real compitition in that field.
But taking the challenge I went full blown on organization, planning, plotting, managing, cordinating.
I over exhasted myself with more projects than my personal life can handle.
The husband and I divorced and I had to figure out the next chapter of life.
Instead of taking my time to figure things out I jumped right into another situation. 
It was job after job, moving back and forth form Wisconsin to Colorado and back in the last three years.
I put together a wedding, landed myself this nifty job that I took a real liking to; which allowed me to use all my skills I've picked up in school, but never completed.
While at work one day I saw blueprints in the back office of the new plant I was working in.
I then remembered how passionat I get when I see blue prints. 
I could careless about the skimatics of engineering terms, but I understood the importance of them.
Considering what schooling and field I was going to go back into, I hyped up my new husband to think about the future and what he's capable of.
He had no plans to futher his future, but to create a comfortable life between him and our new future together as newly weds.
But I didn't give up, I brought idea after idea of everything I know about him that could put a light in his mind about anything.
There it was, coding, debuging and being able to blog about it and get paid. 
Who wouldn't want a relax job like that, especially for a great gamer like my husband.
The truth behind why I got him hyped up about a future career was because it had been something I had pondered my whole life about.
What am I going to do with my life?
Always lurking around to see what I can do, what I like, don't like, comprehend and can learn naturally from what my eyes can pick up.
He found DEV Code Camp somewhere, brought me to a meet and my first impression sitting in the room while people were introducing themselves was, "what is coding?"
At the end of the meet, I still knew nothing about coding except that it's a field that makes a lot of money, you get to colaborate with people, and always working on projects.
Heck, all those things are right in my field of passion. 
Sign me up, was all I could think about.
My husband was supose to start this summer first, but things happen, which made me have to quite my woderful job that I had taken a real liking to. 
Here I am, overwhelmed first day, second day and everyday here on.


I dont know what I'm doing